# portfolioSite
Hand Coded HTML/CSS/JavaScript website for design work
To sum up this month long process of my portfolio site, it was at times difficult, but so worth it in the end. See, I’m a photographer evolving into the design world and I haven’t been designing for a very long time; for almost a year. I still believe I am at a beginner level, however, that won’ be for long. My site displays the strongest of my photography work at this moment. From personal projects to photographs I took for my job that I am allowed to use for portfolio use. What I tried to incorporate on my site was an elegant style that reflects my very own style and personality. I enjoy work that is clean, easy to ready, easy to view, and one thing that always leaves an impression. For the most part, I believe I succeeded that in my final works of my portfolio site. I used grey scale as my color scheme, even though that necessarily is not my full expression of my personality, however with the variety of photographs I display on the site, colors started fighting with the images. I incorporated a slide show, and I believe the slide show is what made my site stronger. I know I don’t have a page, where you can view all of the photographs and projects at once, and not because I did not feel like coding one, the grid style reminded me of what my Instagram site looked like. I took out that portfolio page, and when you navigate to my about me page, after reading my short and sweet bio, you are able to easily navigate to my Instagram and LinkedIn page, to view my work and possibly follow me! That was a marketing decision I made to increase my viewers on my social media page because today, social media is such a huge platform that reaches so many people.
	On my about me page, a happy accident happened and who doesn’t love happy accidents. I initially was animating my nav bar, and the animation was a hover over that not only changed color but in larger that font size. While I was coding, I used Dan Chen’s about me page as inspiration. I enjoyed everything typographically and his aesthetics. That was my reason behind the “about” on the page. What I applied to my navigation bar, I applied the hover and enlargement of the text to the about in a grey color that contrasted with my name which created a successful page, that I believe that leaves an impression. After I coded the about me page, that large “about”, I was thinking about for days, and I wanted to keep doing that again throughout my entire site. In all, there are only two things that really bother me about my final site. The slide show on my landing page has like millisecond transition from one photograph to another and once it does one or two loops it stops and then photographs transition nicely. Lastly, on my about me page, the entire page scrolls and I’m not sure why. The page was never like that until I made a slight change and I could not find the problem to why they entire page was able to scroll. 
